# 消费社会报告类

## Title

It is argued that we are living in a throw-away society: people throw away what they use in daily life, instead of recycling or reusing them. Why has this happened and how to address this issue?

## Key Point

1. 主题部分分段可以写2-3段
2. 报告类文章的解决方法一般都是对应问题的原因；但是如果不对应，也可以接受
3. 报告类文章的开头和主题段落，一般不要出现some people think that/ argue that

## Sample

People are likely to use products only once instead of keeping these items for a long time. It is important to understand why this throw-away culture has developed and how to reverse this trend.

Consumers today do not keep many goods for a long period of time because these products are not as expensive as before. Technological innovations and mass production have reduced the cost of production and improved the productivity of the workforce. Some electronic products such as mobile phones and computers are now sold at low prices, and this is why many people would purchase the newest products, instead of fixing broken items. Young people, in particular, prefer to purchase the latest mobile phones with up-to-date features and throw old ones away.

Another reason is that people lack environmental awareness. People have not yet realized that their ways of life will lead to energy consumption and cause waste as well as pollution. They do not know that household appliances can end up in landfill sites and these non-biodegradable products can have a destructive effect on the environment. If they are aware that recycling can make their lifestyles more sustainable, they will directly try to reuse products.

As the overconsumption of consumer goods is pervasive, it is important to take some measures to mitigate this problem. Raising environmental awareness is important, because this can change the ways people use and dispose of different products. Environmental groups can disseminate the knowledge of how to recycle disposable goods and household appliances. Governments can also enforce some laws to deter consumers from throwing away goods. For example, the tax penalty can be imposed on the use of some disposable products, including plastic bags, thereby encouraging people to use eco-friendly alternatives.

To summarize, people's attitude toward consumption and the increase in disposable income are main reasons behind excessive consumption of disposable items. To address this problem successfully, the top priority is to raise people's awareness of environmental protection, which can lead to a change to their lifestyles.
