# 法律和社会

## Title

The society is based on rules and laws. The society would not function well if individuals were free to do whatever they want. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

## Key Point

1. 每个主题段落的中心距要出现题目的关键词, 对应题目
2. 举例的时候,尽量要和题目的问题对应
3. 每个主体段落的结尾, 如果题目是出现两个对比的对象, 可以用"对比"的方式扣题
4. 结尾段扣题

## Sample

Laws refer to the rules imposed on human beings. Although laws play an important role in regulating our behavior, I believe that strict laws can also restrict our freedom.

If all people obey the laws, a country can maintain order and embrace more opportunities for economic development. If some people do not obey traffic regulations, traffic accidents will increase and traffic congestion will become a problem. If those who sell fake products online are not punished, consumers will not visit online shops, which can have a negative impact on the economy.

People can also enjoy their lives in a peaceful, closely-knit society. People are sometimes motivated by self-interest to do something that would be harmful to others. If they obey laws and social norms, they are more likely to respect each other and live in harmony. Talking on the phone can disturb other people's work.

Nevertheless, laws sometimes inevitably restrain human's freedom and even hamper social progress. For instance, if one country has many restrictions on the business world, the business activity will not thrive. If high income earners are subject to high income tax rates, they may lack motivation to make greater efforts to increase their income. The government can relax regulations to foster innovations, which can contribute to social progress.

It is reasonable to conclude that a society cannot operate well without laws and rules. Even though the law does not allow people to act at will, the main purpose is to create a society where people can live in harmony.

## Practice

Laws refer to the rules imposed on human beings. Although laws play an important role in regulating our behavior, I believe that strict laws can also restrict our freedom.

If all people obey law, a country can maintain order and embrace more opportunities for economic development. They should obey traffic regulations; otherwise, traffic accidents will increase and traffic congestion will become a problem. Those who sell fake products online should be punished, so consumers will visit online shops continuously. In contrast, in a lawless society, people do not have a sense of security when they do business, drive to work and buy products, which can have a negative impact on the economy.

People can also enjoy their lives in a peaceful, closely-knit society, where they follow social rules and behave in a socially responsible way. They are sometimes motivated by self-interest to do something that would be harmful to others. If they obey laws and social norms, they are more likely to respect each other and live in harmony.  For example, people who are conscious of business etiquette may keep their voices down when talking on the phone in the workplace, so their colleagues can concentrate on their work and the company can operate effectively. This also applies to the whole society.

Nevertheless, laws and rules can sometimes limit freedom and stifle creativity, which can prevent us from building a prosperous society. For instance, if one country has many restrictions on the business world, the business activity will not thrive. If high income earners are subject to high income tax rates, they may lack motivation to make greater efforts to increase their income. The government can relax regulations to foster innovations, which can contribute to social progress.

From what has been discussed, it is reasonable to argue that a society cannot operate well without laws and rules. Alternat
