# 艺术投资+对比/结尾

## Title

Many countries spend a lot of money in art. Some people think investment in art is necessary, but others say money is better spent on public services and facilities. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

## Key Point

1. 题目出现两个对立的事物，可以用in contrast， by comparsion对比
2. 一个事情如果不发生，会产生什么情形和结果，可以用otherwise引导
3. 虚拟语气，尝试一个相反情况发生，会出现的情况

## Attention

1. 结尾段不要很长，1-2句话即可，主要是总结立场
2. 如果考生愿意总结观点也可以，但注意不要使用重复的表达
3. 不要出现新的信息，不要升华

## Sample

People have different views about government funding for the arts, especially in economically tough times. I reckon that we should give priority to essential services and infrastructures and then fund the arts when governments have a budget surplus.

The supporters of the public funds for the arts argue that cities can become more visually attractive because of art. It is true that artworks, including sculptures, paintings and statues can decorate public facilities such as libraries, metro stations, or even toilets, and increase the artistic appeal of these places. If the art industry prospers, cities have a mix of different architectural styles and we are more likely to enjoy urban life. Exposure to artworks can reduce our pressure and put us in a good mood.

Despite this, many people would argue that public facilities deserve more of public money. Ordinary people are more interested in public facilities(such as water and electricity supply networks, schools, libraries and roads), which have a direct impact on their living standards. For example, good sanitation and clean water can improve people's health and reduce diseases, while schools and libraries can dissenminate knowledge and improve young people's job propects. In contrast, sculptures, paintings and operas are luxury items to most people and are not likely to bring tangible benefits to them.

In my view, improvements in public facilities can promote economic development, but the arts may be less important in economic terms. For example, the investment in the trasport system can improve the productivity of working people by making daily commuting easier, while the public sepdnging on high-speed railway systems and airports can ensure that cargo can be delivered faster. Cities can attract investment and become wealthy, so people's living standards can also be improved. By contrast, the investment in the arts cannot create such returns in a short time.

To sum up, I believe the government should focus on services and facilities vital to the wellbeing of the general public, even though artistic projects can make our cities spectualar.

## Practice

TODO
