# 志愿者活动+观点的先后一致

## Title

Volunteer work organised by middle schools brings more benefits than problems. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

## Key Point

1. 观点避免重复
2. 观点要具体, 不只是表明立场
3. 观点不要太空泛
4. 观点要针对题目的第一关注人群
5. 观点不是例子

## Attention

1. 立场的前后一致
2. 每段话论述的内容一致

## Sample

Volunteer work has been promoted by many schools and even accepted as a requirement for graduation. Unpaid work may have its downside, but it is of great value for those young participants as well as the whole of society.

By providing community services, students can improve their skills and increase their practical experience. Students may be confronted with many problems and challenges, most of which are rare at school, when they are involved in these voluntary services. For example, when raising funds for charities, they should figure out how to communicate with benefactors, organise events or functions, and work closely with others. These activities can boost their confidence and improve their problem-solving abilities.

The younger generation can meanwhile learn responsibility and find enjoyment in serving the community. They have a sense of community since they can see how their work can make a positive difference to other members of the community. It is a huge responsibility to support disadvantaged children in schooling, and middle school students will come to realise that helping others to receive a good education can make a fair and happy society. It can help create a closely-knit community.

On the other hand, we cannot rule out the possbility that unpaid work can lead to a wasteful use of volunteers' time and energy, if not well-organised. Volunteer work programmes are tedious and stenuous, and many students do not see unpaid work as a rewarding experience of educational value. Young volunteers are not willing to devote their time to unpaid work, since they do not discover the value of what they do. They may also regard voluntary work as a service which can take away their study time and interfere with their studies.

Overall, my view is that volunteer work is of considerable importance to the next generation in terms of sharpening skills and improving job prospects, and also to social progress. However, schools should make sure that it suits students' needs.

## Practice

TODO
