# Linking

Linking is the process of collecting and combining various pieces of code and data into a single file that can be loaded(copied) into memory and executed.

- Understanding linkers will help you build large programs
- Understanding linkers will help you avoid dangerous programming errors
- ... help you understand how language scoping rules are implemented
- ... help you understand other important systems concepts
- ... enable you to exploit shared libraries

## Compiler Drivers

## Static Linking

## Relocatable Object Files

## Symbols and Symbol Tables

## Symbol Resolution

## Relocation

## Executable Object Files

## Loading Executable Object Files

## Dynamic Linking with Shared Libraries

## Loading and Linking Shared Libraries from Applications

## Position-Independent Code (PIC)

## Library Interpositioning

## Tools for Manipulating Object Files

## Summary

Linking can be performed at compile time by static linkers and at load time and run time by dynamic linkers. Linkers manipulate binary files called object files, which come in three different forms: relocatable, executable and shared. Relocatable object files are combined by static linkers into an executable object file that can be loaded into memory and executed. Shared object files (shared libraries) are linked and loaded by dynamic linkers at run time, either implicitly when the calling program is loaded and begins executing, or on demand, when the program calls functions from the `dlopen` library.

Thetwo main tasks of linkers are symbol resolution, where each global symbol in an object file is bound to a unique definition, and relocation, where the ultimate memory address for each symbol is determined and where references to those objects are modified.

Static linkers are invoked by compiler drivers such as gcc. They combine multiple relocatable object files into a single executable object file. Multiple object files can define the same symbol, and the ruls that linkers use for silently resolving these multiple definitions can introduce subtle bugs in user program.

Multiple object files can be concatenated in a single static library. Linkers use libraries to resolve symbol references in other object modules. The left-to-right sequential scan that many linkers use to resolve symbol references is another source of confusing link-time errors.

Loaders map the contents of executable files into memory and run the program. Linkers can also produce partially linked executable object files with unresolved references to the routines and data defined in a shared library. At load time, the loader maps the partially linked executable into memory and then calls a dynamic linker, which completes the linking task by loading the shared library and relocating the references in the program.

Shared libraries that are compiled as position-independent code can be loaded anywhere and shared at run time by multiple processes. Applications can also use the dynamic linker at run time in order to load, link and access the functions and data in shared libraries.
