# 看电视学习+观点类

## Title

Some people believe that children can learn effectively by watching TV and they should be encouraged to watch TV both at home and at school. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

## Key Point

1. 有时候后限定某个动作的结果, 有很多学生容易跑路
2. 可以完全支持或者反对, 也可以部分支持或者反对
3. 尽量避免出现some people think/argue/believe/hold the view that这些表达
4. 注意审题时和优缺点(advantages/disadvantages, positive/negative effects)的区别
5. 题目出现best, only这种字眼也可以折中
6. 题目已经认定的内容不需要去论述

## Sample

Watching television (especially informative television) has been recognized as an effective method of learning, because of audio-visual information can attract students' attention and engage their interest. Although many TV programs have educational value, I do not agree that increasing screen time is a good idea.

Television viewing can interfere with children's studies and other activities which can benefit these children's development. Children can get distracted easily, especially when they watch TV without adults' supervision. They may not be able to concentrate on learning tasks, a problem which can lead to poor grades. It is also difficult for them to participate in those interactive activities which promote brain development, such as reading, singing and communication.

Another problem is that excessive screen time can affect children's health. They sit in front of a screen for many hours every day, instead playing games and doing sports with peers. They also suffer obesity, poor eyesight and fatigue. Because of this, they do not have energy to cope with the demands of schooling and lose self-confidence over time.

On the other hand, I understand that television has exposed children to a world of knowledge. There are many educational programs aimed for children, allowing them to gain an insight into different subjects. For example, documentaries can help children learn about historical events while foreign language channels can help them to acquire foreign languages. This kind of knowledge can complement what they learn at school.

To summarize,  I would argue that parents and teachers should impose restrictions on children's television viewing, rather than endorse this habit. Watching TV can have an adverse impact on children's grades, rather than improve their academic performance.
