# 交税+如何写中心句

## Title

Some people believe that they should be able to keep all the money they earn and should not pay any tax to the state. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

## Key Point

1. 中心句一定要和段落的内容一致
2. 中心句要有连接词
3. 中心句要出现关键词或关键词的替换表达
4. 中心句要对应题目

## Sample

Many people regard tax as a burden, because it can reduce their disposable income. I believe that we need to pay tax, because without tax revenue, the society cannot function appropriately.

If the government has tax revenue, public facilities such as roads, schools and hospitals can receive more funds from the state. Without a great public transport system, commuters find it difficult to travel to and from work, and traffic congestion could reduce workd efficiecy. Public schools can provide children with educational opportunities and enable these young students to gain knowledge, which is beneficial to economic growth. These projects or services are normally not funded by the private sector, because of the low profit margin. We should also recognise that the government can achieve the goal of income redistribution by taxation. For example, in many countries, the hign income group needs to pay high tax, while the low income group can get assitance from the government.

Levying taxes can regulate people's behavior. People fail to show self-restraint sometimes and cannot change some bad habits. For example, the heavy tax on cigraette and alcohol discourages people from spending on these items. This change can improve the well-being of people and ease the pressure on the medical system.

People may not have the incentive to work hard and entrepreneurs are also not willing to set up a business. Money is a great motivator for most people because they can improve living standards and gain a sense of accomplishment. High tax rates will encourage many people to evade taxes and even move to those low-tax countries.

I am convinced that taxes are the life blood of the economy although high taxes can have an adverse effect on economic growth.

## Practice

Many people regard tax as a burden, because it can reduce their disposable income. I think that we need to pay tax, because without tax revenue, the society cannot function appropriately.

Paying tax can have important implications to a country's economy. If the government has tax revenue, public facilities such as roads, schools and hospitals can receive more funds from the state. Without a great public transport system, commuters find it difficult to travel to and from work, and traffic congestion could reduce work effiency. Public schools can provide children with educational opportunities and enable these young students to gain knowledge, which is beneficial to economic growth. These projects or services are normally not funded by the private sector, because of the low profit margin. We should also recognise that the government can achieve the goal of income redistribution by taxation. For example, in many countries, the high income group needs to pay high tax, while the low income group can get assistance from the government.

Levying taxes can also regulate people's behaviour. People fail to show self-restraint sometimes and cannot change some bad habits. For instance, the heavy tax on cigarette and alcohol discourages the public from spending on these items. This change can improve the well-being of people and case the pressure on the medical system.

On the other hand, if taxpayers are subject to high taxes, they may not have the incentive to work hard and entrepreneurs are also not willing to set up a business. Money is a great motivator for most people because they can improve living standards and gain a sense of accomplishment. High tax rates will encourage many people to evade taxes and even move to those low-tax countries.

Overall, I am convinced that the lifeblood of the economy although high taxes can have an adverse effect on economic growth.
