# 刑罚+如何避免重复和条约

## Title

A longer prison term as a way of punishing those who break the law is not as good as other methods. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

## Key Point

1. 多想原因，多培养批判性的思维
2. 多思考结果，多思考某个东西对我们的影响

## Attention

TODO

## Sample

Imposing sentences is widely accepted as a method to punish those who commit serious offences and sometimes as a correctional method. This approach may be effective, but we should also consider other ways to reform offenders.

The prison sentence may have a deterrent effect on either prospective or habitual offenders. Imprisonment means that those who violate laws will lose freedom, a consequence that no rational person is willing to take. The criminal record can have a lasting impact on their lives including their career. They will not commit crimes when they run out of money, instead, they will choose to find work or run a small business to earn a living. This can help create a peaceful and safe community.

While I agree that a long prison term sometimes help us fight crime, we can consider community service as an alternative. These services can make some offenders, especially those who committed minor crimes, law-abiding citizens, who can learn responsibilitiy and realise the damage caused by crimes to innocent people. If they are sentenced to prison, they will possibly make friends with other ofenders. They will not repent or take stock of their lives, so they may reoffend after being released, which can pose a threat to other members of society.

We can also provide educational opportunities and vocational training for them, improving their interpersonal skills and job skills. It is worth noting that many juvenile offenders or first-time offenders broke the law because of a lack of social experience or low socio-economic status. Crime is no longer an option, if they can find work and understand legal responsibilities. The prison can isolate criminals from society. shattering their confidence in finding work and reintegrating into society.

Overall, I agree that the harsh penalty can deter crime, but it is not the best approach. Through other rehabilitation programmes, we can build a happy and stable society.

## Practice

TODO
