# Sentence Collection

## 句子

1. 学的慢，记忆力差，要反复咀嚼一遍记得更深
2. 以实际为出发点，不能光学不用
3. 以可以教人的水平来总结自己学习的知识点
4. 以前，我以自己的矜持和特立独行为荣；现在，我以自己的孤僻和未经人事为耻。

## 词伙

1. concerted efforts by both sides should be harnessed to cultivate cordial relations among the people
2. in terms of maturity and sense of responsibility
3. reach (an) agreement, agree no, reach a consensus
4. give priority to
5. the increasing … (use) of
6. the improvements in the field of
7. misbehave - do sth bad/inappropriate
8. the places are becoming more crowded, sometimes spoiling the atmosphere and the beauty.
9. clampdown/crackdown -- officially trying to stop/limit people doing sth
10. give out severe fines to people who drop litter
11. packed with sightseers
12. to maintain the authentic feel of the city
13. an objective/ a plan / aim to achieve sth
14. cutline several main advantages of…
15. have provided a series of … to … as … can/be able to … without …
16. … is more of a supplement than a substitute
17. strike a balance between … and …
18. only a few of people can manage to achieve this
19. ever-increasing, increasing, ever-growing expenses on housing, education and medication.
20. allocate a certain proportion of … to …
21. have the obligation to/is obligatory to
22. the primary … of … is to …
23. … is no exception
24. in a short period in the long term/run
25. a mainstream way of/to …
26. different types of … actually complement each other rather than take others' places
27. over a period of
28. by far the most important … of …
29. with the population of the world increasing along with the negative effects of (climate change) and other global issues
30. totally - radically - entirely
31. It is a marvelous invention that has given us so much, but we are beginning to realize it is causing many long-lasting environmental problems
32. to know how to operate in an environmentally responsible/friendly way
33. with the exception of / except
34. root/direct cause
35. clear/noticeable/apparent/evident
36. have a … role to play
37. too … (occupied) to …(spare time) for … (the family)
38. … will help … to secure a decent job with promising future excel in one specific field
39. it is the unshakable obligation of ..(the government) to …
40. people seem fail to take into account that
41. an increasing number of people are beginning to realize that education is not complete with graduation
42. devote …(a large proportion of life) to …
43. … which serve(s) as an important stepping stone to …
44. social security system/measures
45. lift/elevate people out of poverty
46. embark on/commence/start
47. couple with/and
48. eliminate the need to …
49. … can be contributed to the fact that …
50. life is more difficult and complicated
51. property prices are higher than ever
52. … in order to survive in this competitive world.
53. … exerts a tremendous influences on …
54. impose great fine on
55. direct causes that lead to high crime rates in our society
56. nudge - a little push - a reason
57. fight sth tooth and nail, be against it completely and try to stop it, make a strong effort to
58. stern the tide (of) … - 挽回颓势
59. yet there remains some disagreement as to whether
60. social isolation
61. all/many parts of the world
62. similarities unit people. whereas differences have a tendency to divide
63. stereotype - conservative views
64. there are exceptions to every rule
65. people have to devote a larger proportion of their life to work
66. times have changed as technology improved
67. the telephone was a really annoying blip in our communications
68. Natural selection has shaped all organisms to have special states to cope with certain kinds of circumstances.
69. tackle - manage a difficult situation - cope/deal with
70. … would be a violation of their civil liberties
71. The issue of whether we should attempt to … or not is certainly a contentious one
72. Despite the arguments of some people that
73. perhaps the strongest argument in favor of … is that
74. double income families have become the norm in many societies
75. Another contributing factor is the passive and solitary nature of many modern forms of entertainment
76. one of the most significant obstacles to learning in schools today is lack of discipline
77. The problem of a lack of care for children has become more noticeable
78. I will present several reasons why this is not the case and demonstrate that ….
79. indisputable - conclusively - incontrovertible
80. … achieve better educational outcomes than their counterparts …
81. learning through trial and error is a vitally important part of growing up
82. develop (mature) decision-making and critical-thinking skills
83. In these highly competitive times where knowledge is power, nobody has the right to deny anyone else an education
84. … rob the well-behaved majority of a proper education
