# 遵守规则+论述类

## Title

Some people think that children should obey the rules or do what their parents and teachers want them to do. Other people think that children controlled too much cannot deal with problems themselves in adulthood.

Discuss both views and state your own opinion.

## Key Point

1. 论述类题目主题部分的前两段，一定要说明持有不同看法的人为什么是对的，不能质疑他们
2. 论述类题目的中心句经常会出现一些字眼，比如some people argue that， it is sometimes argued that等
3. 论述类题目的中心句不需要写的很肯定
4. 论述类题目讨论你自己的看法的主体段可以作为结尾段

## Sample

Children are expected to obey different rules either at home or at school. Strict discipline is sometimes important, but I would argue that it would have an adverse impact on children’s problem-solving abilities.

Some people are strong advocates of imposing rule because rules can hold children accountable for their behavior and help them develop good behavior patterns from a young age. Unlike adults, children are normally not aware of the consequences of bad behavior, and setting rules can help them realize how to behave in a socially acceptable way. For example, children can learn how to show good manners and get along with others, which would be important skills in adult life. If no rules forbid them to use bad language or bully others, they will not know how to deal with social relationships in adulthood.

However, there are concerns that rules may not have a positive influence on children, if those parents who establish strict rules give priority to children’s obedience. Children will rely heavily on rules and may not be able to solve problems independently. For example, they may not know how to manage time themselves, as a result of strict upbringing, and they are not able to decide what to do in the workplace without their parents’ direction. They are unlikely to achieve success in their careers.

In my view, strict rules can stifle children’s creativity and they are not able to solve problems in different ways. They dare not put their ideas into practice, since they are afraid of being punished if they disobey rules. If they are required to solve math problems in one way, for instance, they will rarely consider other approaches. The problems in the real world are complex and they cannot tackle these problems without imagination.
