# 老龄化社会+观点类

## Title

In many countries, the proportion of older people is steadily increasing. Does this trend have positive or negative effects on society?

## Key Point

观点类题目的五种问法

1. Is it a positive or negative development?
2. Do advantages of this outweigh disadvantages?
3. Does it have positive or negative effects?
4. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
5. What is your opinion?

## Sample

People's life expectancy has improved in many societies, possibly because of improvements in technology and the increase in personal wealth. Although senior citizens can contribute extraordinarily to society, I would argue that this demographic change can bring about some problems.

One problem associated with an aging society population is that health care costs will escalate, imposing a burden on taxpayers. It is widely known that most medical needs and costs occur in the last years of life. This means that governments have to pour more money in caring for the elderly, but other essential services like education will be underfunded. This problem can have an adverse impact on social progress since many young people may not go to university without the financial support from the government.

The slow pace of work is another problem, as the number of senior workers increases. The ability to absorb information and complete work normally declines with age. Many elderly people have a conservative attitude towards technology and cannot adopt cutting-edge technology efficiently. If they choose to delay retirement, their presence in the workforce can influence companies' productivity and the whole society's productivity.

On the other hand, the experience and wisdom of senior citizen can be a valuable asset to society. People today can live healthier and longer lives, as they pay closer attention to healthy eating and sports. They can work as consultants and impact their knowledge and skills to the younger generation. For example, some senior managers can teach young people how to manage a company, and how to provide better services for clients. This society can draw upon the expertise of older people.

In conclusion, the considerable of life expectancy has put a strain on health care and made the workforce less productive. It will influence the economic development of a country, although we can make good use of senior workers' wisdom.
