# 廉价航空服务+审题的要素

## Title

Many people think cheap air travel should be encouraged because it gives ordinary people freedom to travel further. However, others think this leads to environmental problems, so air travel should be more expensive in order to discourage people from having it. Discuss both sides and give your own opinion.

## Key Point

1. 题目里是否出现了一个行为(action)， 政策(policy)，趋势(trend)
2. 题目里是否针对某个特定的结果(outcome/consequence)
3. 题目最关注的群体是什么(最受影响的是谁)
4. 题目的类型是什么(报告? 论述？观点？混合？)

## Sample

Low-cost air travel has enabled us to travel across borders more frequently than before, I think cheap flights can benefit the masses, although we should avoid unnecessary journeys.

People who travel to different countries can have a better understanding of these countries and explore more career opportunities. Some young people can visit other countries where they can find better jobs and earn higher salaries. Some small business owners can discover business opportunities during their trips and earn profits by exporting or importing products. They are likely to miss out on these opportunities, if the cost of flights is higher.

At the same time, some may argue that raising airfares can help reduce the environmental impact of the airline industry. Higher prices have discouraged people from travelling great distances to other places. Greenhouse gases produced by airplanes can decrease if the number of air flights drops. Other problems related to the aviation sector, including noise pollution and the environmental destruction caused by the construction of airports and other facilities, will also be mitigated.

Personally, I do not think it is necessary to make air services expensive to potential passengers, because they deserve an affordable holiday to relax. Many people, especially working people living in large cities, lead a hectic life and feel stressed. If air tickets are highly affordable, they may choose to travel to some exotic locations on holiday and get away from everyday life. For example, tourists in China can spend a holiday in some tropical countries where they can sample local food, instead of staying at home.

Overall, it would be wrong to impose restrictions on air travel, and above all, cheap airlines can benefit the public. Air companies can turn to technological innovations as part of the effort to reduce the strain on the environment.

## Practice

Low-cost air travel has enabled people to travel across borders more easily. I think cheap flights can benefit the masses, although we should avoid unnecessary journeys.

People who travel to different countries can have a better understanding of these countries and explore more career opportunities. Some people can visit other countries where they can find better jobs and earn higher salaries. Some small business owners can discover business opportunities during their trips and earn profits by exporting or importing products. They are likely to miss out on these opportunities, if the cost of flights is higher.

At the same time, some people argue that raising airfares can help reduce the environmental impact of the airline industry. Higher prices have discouraged people from travelling great distances to other places. Greenhouse gases produced by airplanes can decrease if the number of air flights drops. Other problems related to the aviation sector, including noise pollution and the environmental destruction caused by the construction of airports and other facilities, will also be mitigated.

Personally, I do not think it is necessary to make air services expensive to potential passengers, because they deserve an affordable holiday to relax. Many people, especially working people living in large cities, lead a hectic life and feel stressed. If air tickets are highly affordable, they can travel to some exotic locations on holiday. For example, tourists in China can spend a holiday in some tropical countries where they can sample local food, instead of staying at home.

Overall, it would be  wrong to impose restrictions on air travel, and above all, cheap airlines can benefit the public. Air companies can turn to technological innovations as part of the effort to reduce the strain of the who industry on the environment.
