# 传统教育和网络教育

## Title

Nowadays, distance-learning programs have gained in popularity (those teaching programs that involve the use of written materials, video, television and the Internet), but some people argue that courses can never be taken as good as those by attending a college or university in person. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

## Key Point

1. 开头段表明立场的时候可以扣题
2. 每个主题段落的中心句要出现题目的关键词, 对应题目
3. 举例的时候, 尽量要和题目的问题对应
4. 每个主体段的结尾, 如果题目是出现两个对比的对象, 可以用"对比"的方式扣题
5. 不断出现关键字, 特别是最后一句
结尾段扣题

## Sample

The advent of the Internet has changed the ways people live their lives and complete work. A growing number of people are now considering distance education, which allows them to complete a degree at home. Even though distance learning is different from traditional college education, it has some advantages in some aspects.

Distance education is more flexible than the traditional way of receiving education, thereby offering learners more educational opportunities. Students can read relevant materials and attend lectures by watching videos. When they have problems in digesting information, they can click the pause button and replay the video until fully understand the content. These distance education courses are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and therefore suitable for those who lead a hectic life, as long as they have Internet access.

The improvements in online education also make it possible for students to communicate with their lectures whenever necessary. Students can use interactive communication tools to ask questions in virtual classes or talk to lecturers via email. In this way, these learners can get lecturers' guidance immediately, thereby completing all courses more effectively. Despite living in their own countries, they can even communicate with scholars from top universities around the world.

A main drawback of online education is that students have found it difficult to improve their social skills because there are few group assignments. Students complete their degree independently and do not have opportunities to meet each other and socialize together. The failure to build  up a network of contacts can have a negative impact on their career development.

Distance learning has made university education more accessible, because of its flexibility. However, it has some drawbacks, such as lack of interaction, so it is not able to achieve the same learning outcomes as traditional college education.
