# 道德教育+如何举例

## Title

Some people think that schools should only teach students academic subjects. Others think schools also teach students hwo to discriminate between right and wrong. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

## Key Point

1. 没头没尾的例子
2. 不相关的例子
3. 不符合题目论述对象的例子
4. 和前面观点和中心句不一致的例子
5. 虚假例子
6. 中国的例子

## Attention

TODO

## Sample

Schools are normally seen as the place where the next generation can increase knowledge to improve employability. In my view, academic subjects are important to one's career achievement, but students who do not learn the difference between right and wrong cannot succeed in their working lives.

Many teachers suggest that students should concentrate on core subjects, because the performance in these courses can determine whether they can enter the university in the future. What students can learn in academic courses can provicde a firm grounding for university and help them find decent jobs. For example, students who acquire mathematical skills at school can build models to analyse data at university and work as financial analysts and engineers after they graduate. They are less likely to focus on key disciplines if they are required to spend time in studying moral principles and behaviour norms.

Schools can impact some important virtues into students, and encourage them to make good use of their knowledge to contribute positively to society. If one understands the value of loyalty, he or she will not sell confidential documents of his or her employer to other companies. Engineers who are conscious of social responsibilities are more likely to design safe products which benefit consumers. Students who do not have a moral compass cannot achieve success, even through they perform well at school.

In my opinion, students cannot be successful if they are not able to disinguish right from wrong. Students should learn how to respect teachers and get along well with classmates. Some students live eating fast food, which can cause obesity. If they do not realise these problems, their education and career can be affected adversely.

## Practice

School are normally seen as the place where the next generation can increase knowledge to improve employability. In my view, academic subjects are important to one's career achievement, but students who do not learn the difference between right and wrong cannot succeed in their working lives.

Many teachers suggest that students should concentrate on core subjects, because the performance in these courses can determine whether they can enter university in the future. What students can learn in academic courses can provide a firm grounding for university and help them find decent jobs. For example, students who acquire mathematical skills at school can learn how to build models to analyse data at university and work as financial analysts and engineers after they graduate. They are less likely to focus on key disciplines if they required to spend time in studying moral principles and behaviour norms.

On the other hand, some educationalists are in favour of imparting some important virtues and moral values into students, and encourage them to make good use of their knowledge to contribute positively to their future employers and the whole of society. Students who are conscious of social responsibilities are more likely to design safe products which benefit consumers, if they work as engineers for the manufacturing sector in the future. Students who do not have a moral compass cannot achieve success, even though they perform well at school.

In my opinion, the younger generation cannot be successful if they are not able to distinguish right from wrong. Students who learn politeness and social rules may understand how to respect teachers and get along well with calssmates, and because of this, they will also be able to develop a strong working relatioship with colleague once they start working. This is the key to career achievement. If they do not realise this, their education and career can be affected adversely.
